## Motivation
To establish whether or not the loop has a cycle we can use a two pointer approach: the `slow pointer` moves along the list one node at a time, while the `fast pointer` moves along the list two nodes at a time. 
	If the fast pointer is ever `None`, then there is no cycle. 
	Else, if the `fast pointer` and `slow pointer` ever meet, then we know there's a cycle.

If there's a cycle, we must establish where the start of the cycle is. Note that we can partition our linked list into 3 parts: 
	`straight`: the part of the list that is not in the cycle 
	`curve1`: the part of cycle that's been traversed by the `slow` pointer
	`curve2`: the rest of the cycle

Note that: 
	The `slow pointer` has moved n steps = len(straight) + len(curve1) - 1
	The `fast pointer` has moved 2n steps = len(linked list) - 1 + len(curve1)

So:
	2*len(straight) + 2*len(curve1) - 2 = len(linked list) - 1 + len(curve1)
									    = len(straight) + len(curve1) + len(curve2) - 1 + len(curve1)
									    = len(straight) + 2*len(curve1) + len(curve2) - 1
	len(straight) - 1                   = len(curve2)

So if we take len(straight)-1 more steps from where our `slow pointer` and `fast pointer` pointer intersect, we will find the start of the cycle!

But how can we know how many steps that is? If we move one of the pointers to the beginning of the list and have `both pointers` take one step at a time, then when they meet, they will meet after len(straight) - 1 steps!

## Time Complexity: `O(n)`
We loop through the whole list no more than a constant number of times. For cycle detection, the `slow pointer` moves at most `n` steps, and the `fast pointer` most at most `2n` steps. When finding the beginning of the cycle, the `two pointers` also move less than `n` steps, so we're capped at `O(5n)`, which is `O(n)`.

## Space Complexity: `O(1)`
No additional space aside from the slow and fast pointers are needed, so our space complexity is constant.