## Motivation
This problem lends itself to dynamic programming since it's very easy to solve the number of ways of creating an `amount` if you know the number of ways to create any amount smaller. A good approach for finding the pattern would be to try solving the problem when the `amount` to be created is small and the `coins` list is small. Assume you have solutions for all the subproblems and see if you can generate a recurrence relation.

Consider the following scenario: `amount = 10, coins = [1,2,5]`. 

If you know the values of `coin_change(10-1), coin_change(10-2), and coin_change(10-5)`, then can you solve the problem? 

Take a moment if needed to convince yourself that 

`coin_change(10) = min(coin_change(9), coin_change(8), coin_change(5)) + 1` 

For this particular case,

`coin_change(9)` can be made with 3 coins: (5,2,2), 
`coin_change(8)` can be made with 3 coins: (5,2,1), and 
`coin_change(5)` can be made with 1 coin: (5)

Note that with any of the minimum piles for these subproblems, we can reach our desired `amount` by adding only 1 coin to it. Since the minimum number of coins needed to generate `coin_change(amount-c)` is 1, we can conclude that 2 is our solution. (Achieved by adding coin 5 to `coin_change(5)`'s pile.)

More formally, the recurrence relation for this problem is: 

`coin_change(amount) = min(coin_change(amount-c) for all c in coins) + 1` 

Again, this relation holds because if we know `coin_change(amount-c)`, then the most efficient way to reach the sum `amount` given the pile of coins used for `coin_change(amount-c)` is to add coin c to the pile. Since there can be multiple denominations in our `coins` list, it's important to get the minimum number of coins needed to generate `amount-c` for all possible values of `c`. 

Given this recurrence relationship, we can use dynamic programming to store the solutions of the subproblems in an array to efficiently compute our solution.

# Time Complexity: `O(n*c)`
The time complexity is `O(n*c)`  where n is the `amount` we are trying to generate and c is the number of `coins`.

# Space Complexity: `O(n)`
The space complexity is linear to the `amount` since we create a dp matrix to hold the solutions to the subproblems.