## Motivation

The problem can be broken into two parts: 

1. Finding the next greater element for each element in
`nums2`
2. Creating the solution by assigning the proper next greater element for the elements in `nums1`.

For the first part of the problem, for any element in `nums2`, its next greater can be found by looping through the rest of the array until we find the next greater element (or reach the end and assign its next greater as -1). To do this for all the elements in nums2 would take quadratic time since you'd index the array `len(nums2)*(len(num2)+1)//2` times. Interestingly, this can actually be done in linear time with the use of a stack. If we instead shift our perspective of the problem from "what is the next greater element for this element in nums2" to "this element in nums2 is the next greater element for which elements before it," then it may be a little clearer that the solution can be found through a monotonically decreasing stack. Take the following array as an example 

```
nums2: [9,3,2,1,5,6,4]
```

and we can apply the following strategy.

1. As you iterate through the array, if the stack isn't empty, check if the top of the stack is greater or less than the current element. If it's greater, then you haven't found the next greater element for any element in your stack. if it's less, then you've the current element you are considering in the array is the next greater element for all elements in your stack that are less than it. Thankfully since the stack is monotonically decreasing, all your valid solutions will be at the top of the stack!
2. Add the current element in the array to your stack.
3. Once you finish traversing the array, all elements left in your stack do not have a next greater
element.
4. All remaining elements in the stack, have a corresponding "next greater element" of -1

So, by the time you reach the 4th element in `nums2` (5), your stack is `[9,3,2,1]`, and you pop off the top 3 elements whose next greater element is 5.
The second part of the problem can easily be achieved if we store the next greater element for each element in `nums2` in a dictionary. Then we can easily loop through `nums1` and find each of its elements corresponding next greater element.

## Time Complexity: `O(n)`
The time complexity is linear to the length of arrays since we loop through both arrays once.

## Space Complexity: `O(n)`
The space complexity is Linear to the size nums2. In the worst case scenario, the stack is the length of nums2 at its largest when the elements of nums2 are monotonically decreasing. The size of the dictionary is also linear to the size of nums2.