
*Note*
I highly recommend the iterative approach since it is more intuitive, efficient, and easier to code. The recursive solution is provided merely for those who wish to practice and familiarize themselves further with recursion.

## Iterative Approach
For the purposes of explanation, assume we have the list: `A -> B -> C -> None`. To reverse any node, take B as an example, in the linked list, we need access to both the node whose pointer will be reversed `B`, the previous node `A`, and the node after it `C`. Why do we need a variable with access to `C`? Well, once we set B's next pointer to A (`B.next = A`), we no longer have a way to access node `C`. The work around is to store `C` in a temp variable before changing B's next pointer. To approach this problem, we keep track of 3 variables (`prev, curr, next`) as we move through the linked list and reverse the next pointers.

### Time Complexity
We visit each node once, leading to a time complexity of `O(n)`, linear in the number of nodes. 

### Space Complexity
We always use a constant number of pointers, leading to a space complexity of `O(1)`.


## Recursive Approach
Recursion allows us to work backwards once the base case is hit and the call stack begins to "unwind". We can take advantage of this to keep track of the new head of the reversed list, allowing us to avoid storing the current node's next node in a temporary pointer. 

### Time Complexity
We visit each node once, leading to a time complexity of O(n), linear in the number of nodes. 

### Space Complexity
The recursive call stack grows until we hit our base case (the end of the list), leading to a space
complexity of O(N).