## Motivation:
Tree problems often lend themselves to recursive solutions since trees themselves have a recursive structure (their children are also trees). The trick here is to note that when we delete a node from a bst, we must find its replacement (successor). Once the successor is found, the problem can be reduced to replacing the node to be deleted's value with its successor's value and deleting the successor from the tree. For example, assume we have a tree with 3 nodes: `[1,2,3]`, with 1 as the root, 2 as the left child, and 3 as the right child. If we were to delete 1, we would have to find its successor (either child will do). Assuming we take the left child, we then replace the node to be deleted's value with the successor's value, so the tree becomes `[2,2,3]`. Now, once we delete the successor from the tree, we have completed our task and our tree becomes `[2, null, 3]`. Note that a valid successor will be either the rightmost leaf of the left child, or the leftmost leaf of the rightchild to keep our tree a valid bst.

Note that if the current node does not match the value to be deleted, the problem can be reduced to deleting a value from one of its children's subtrees (the left subtree if the value to be deleted is less than the current node's value, and the right subtree if the value is greater than the current node's value).

Using this recursive approach, our base case will be when the current node is null (in the case where the value to be deleted is not in the tree), or the node to be deleted is a leaf. 

## Time Complexity: `O(log n)`
The time complexity is linear to the height of the tree. This is important to note since the height of a tree is log(number of nodes) if it is balanced. If it is not balanced, then it is worst case linear to the number of all nodes in the tree (the case where the tree is one long vine).

## Space Complexity: `O(log n)`
The space complexity is linear to the height of the tree as well for the recursive call stack.